process.md, before:

## PROCESS & PSEUDO CODE

ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA FOR HOMEWORK

1. Current Day Display
    positioned at top of scheduler

2. Time Blocks
    time blocks displayed in order going down standard business hours 9 to 5

    *   Each time block i view is color coded:
            PAST
            PRESENT
            FUTURE
    
    *   On click, a timeblock will allow me to enter AN event
            * Time blocks allow a user to type directly in the a block it is        
              attached to

            * Upon save the text entered from that event is saved in local storage

            * That information is peristent in local storage and on the page


Visual

                            DAY MONTH YEAR
============================================================================
[    [9am]  [ [ potential entry area                         ][ save icon] ] ]
[    [11am][ potential entry area                            ][ save icon]  ]
[    [12pm][ potential entry area                            ][ save icon]  ]
[    [1pm][ potential entry area                             ][ save icon]  ]
[    [2pm][ potential entry area                             ][ save icon]  ]

1. Generate a div for each work day with containers

    For Loop * 9 count 
        create div         
        attr.class="time-block"
         
            create div
            attr.class="time-teller"
            text.(i)

            create form
            attr.class="input"
            text.("enter information")

            create form
            attr.class="submit"
            attr.class("src", "save-icon.com)
 
        append time-block
        append time-teller
        append input
        append submit

2. SAVING & STORING

    Upon entering text into the corresponding hour field a user can save that text using the save button to that field.

    This requires local storage, so stringify the data in that field upon save & push into an array of objects

Commit message:

still working my way through local storage issues.

process.md, after:

## PROCESS & PSEUDO CODE

ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA FOR HOMEWORK

1. Current Day Display
    positioned at top of scheduler

2. Time Blocks
    time blocks displayed in order going down standard business hours 9 to 5

    *   Each time block i view is color coded:
            PAST
            PRESENT
            FUTURE
    
    *   On click, a timeblock will allow me to enter AN event
            * Time blocks allow a user to type directly in the a block it is        
              attached to

            * Upon save the text entered from that event is saved in local storage

            * That information is peristent in local storage and on the page


Visual

                            DAY MONTH YEAR
============================================================================
[    [9am]  [ [ potential entry area                         ][ save icon] ] ]
[    [11am][ potential entry area                            ][ save icon]  ]
[    [12pm][ potential entry area                            ][ save icon]  ]
[    [1pm][ potential entry area                             ][ save icon]  ]
[    [2pm][ potential entry area                             ][ save icon]  ]

1. Generate a div for each work day with containers

    For Loop * 9 count 
        create div         
        attr.class="time-block"
         
            create div
            attr.class="time-teller"
            text.(i)

            create form
            attr.class="input"
            text.("enter information")

            create form
            attr.class="submit"
            attr.class("src", "save-icon.com)
 
        append time-block
        append time-teller
        append input
        append submit

2. SAVING & STORING

Currently I have created a FOR LOOP that has generated all of the objects that populate the page. I am experiencing difficulty with storing the information in an efficient manner.

ARRAYS vs OBJECTS for storage

An array is best used for an inifinite number of entries whereas an OBJECT is best used for a set number of entries, corresponding to keys & values which can be updated as variables.
